Add support for custom commit message (#597)
sindresorhus/np: readme.md

    --release-draft-only    Only opens a GitHub release draft
    --test-script           Name of npm run script to run tests before publishing (default: test)
    --no-2fa                Don't enable 2FA on new packages (not recommended)

>     --message               Version bump commit message, '%s' will be replaced with version (default: <version>)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    --message               Version bump commit message. `%s` will be replaced with version. (default: <version>)
```

Reviewer: I'm not sure if `(default: <version>)` makes it clear enough what the default is.

Author: About adding the periods: I've added none and used `,` here because all the other flag explanations also didn't use a period at the end. Should I add periods to all of those in another pull request? I'd definitely support that after some research how other CLIs are formatting these lists.

> I'm not sure if `(default: <version>)` makes it clear enough what the default is.

Everything else felt too long, maybe `(default: '%s' with npm or 'v%s' with yarn` is good here?

Author: > Everything else felt too long, maybe `(default: '%s' with npm or 'v%s' with yarn` is good here?

I've added that now in the latest commit.

- `releaseDraft` - Open a GitHub release draft after releasing (`true` by default).
- `testScript` - Name of npm run script to run tests before publishing (`test` by default).
- `2fa` - Enable 2FA on new packages (`true` by default) (setting this to `false` is not recommended).

> - `message` - The commit message used for the version bump. Any `%s` in the string will be replaced with the new version (`%s` when using npm and `v%s` when using yarn by default)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `message` - The commit message used for the version bump. Any `%s` in the string will be replaced with the new version. By default, npm uses `%s` and Yarn uses `v%s`.
